Feature are called independent variables

Independent Variables: 

    The variable that are not affected by the other variables are called independent variables. For example age of a person, is an independent variable, two 
    person’s  born on same date will have same age irrespective of how they lived. We presume that while independent variables are stable and cannot be manipulated 
    by some other variable, they might cause a change in other variables,

Dependent Variables: 

   The variables which depend on other variables or factors. We expect these variables to change when the independent variables, upon whom they depend, undergo a 
   change. They are the presumed effect. For example let us say you have a test tomorrow, then, your test score is dependent upon the amount of time you studied, 
   so the test score is a dependent variable, and amount of time independent variable in this case.
   with the help of independet variable we will predict dependant variables

Feature scaling:

    Feature scaling is a method used to normalize the range of independent variables or features of data. In data processing, it is also known as data 
    normalization and is generally performed during the data preprocessing step
    Feature scaling needs to be after the data is split into Tranining and Test data set
    Because while doing feature scaling we shouldn't include test data into consideration , as it will cause information leakage.
    The primary reason we split before scaling is to prevent data leakage. Data leakage happens when information from outside the training dataset is used to 
    create the model

    Feature Scaling Techniques:
    Standardization: After the Standardization feature values will be range from -3 to +3 . xstandrd = (x-mean(x))/(standard deviation(x))
    Normalization:  After the Normalization feature values will be range from 0 to 1. xnorm = (x-min(x))/(max(x)-min(x))
    Most of the cases we will use Standardization scaling Technique.

    We will not apply the feature scaling for Dummay variables.Because dummary variables are already in range and those are normalized format

Mean:
    Sum of all the elements / total elements
    mean = sum(data)/len(data)

Standard Deviation:
    is a measure of the amount of variation or dispersion of a set of value
    
    deviations = [ (i-mean) ** 2 for i in data]
    varience = sum(deviations)/len(data)
    std_dev = math.sqrt(varience)

